[Az.Accounts] Update Connect-AzAccount.md (#25982)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Accounts/Accounts/help/Connect-AzAccount.md

azureuser@contoso.com  Subscription1    xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx     AzureCloud
```

> [!CAUTION]

> > Azure PowerShell will enforce mandatory multi-factor authentication (MFA) for all users starting in early 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Azure PowerShell will enforce mandatory multifactor authentication (MFA) for all users starting in early 2025.
```

> 

> > The -Credential option will no longer be available once enforcement begins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The **Credential** parameter will no longer be available once enforcement begins.
```

> 

> > For more details, check the [Planning for mandatory multifactor authentication for Azure and other administration portals](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity/authentication/concept-mandatory-multifactor-authentication) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more information, see [Planning for mandatory multifactor authentication for Azure and other administration portals](https://learn.microsoft.com/entra/identity/authentication/concept-mandatory-multifactor-authentication).
```
